when asked "Ho ho ho", the answer is: Are you Hamdan Abdellatef?. Who is Reem Marji?, Reem Marji is a student at LAU. She is the creator of me. Hello, Hello! How may I assist you today?. Who are you?, I am a Chatbot designed to help you get started with the Lebanese American University. What is LAU?, LAU was founded as a college for women in 1924, tracing its origins back to the first school for girls in the Ottoman empire started by Presbyterian missionaries in the 1830s. The institution has grown and changed tremendously through the decades, but the enterprising and progressive spirit of those who started it endure. Am I able to defer payment if being reimbursed through my employer?,Unfortunately, we do not offer payment deferment. The payment process for employer-funded students is the same as for self-funded students. In most cases, students are expected to cover tuition costs up-front and are reimbursed by their employers for tuition-related expenses.Are textbooks included in total tuition?,Tuition does not include textbook costs. Explore options to rent, buy or borrow required textbooks.Are the faculty mostly tenured or adjunct in the MS in Computer Science?,Most faculty in the online MS in Computer Science program are tenured, bringing relevant technical expertise and industry knowledge to the online classroom.Are the faculty mostly tenured or adjunct in the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,Most faculty in the online MBA in Global Business Administration program are tenured, bringing relevant industry expertise and global business knowledge to the online classroom.Are there any miscellaneous fees associated with the MS in Computer Science?,There are no additional fees associated with this program.Are there any miscellaneous fees associated with the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,You should expect additional costs for textbooks and loan fees. You can learn more about all tuition fees here.Can I receive a discount on my tuition if I pay for the entire year?,Unfortunately, this is not something we offer. Tuition is collected based on your enrollment in each individual term.Can I take more than one short course at a time?,Depending upon the time you have available to study, you may take more than one short course at a time. Be sure to check when the course meets so that the courses you’re interested in do not overlap in timing.Can I visit the campus?,If you would like to visit campus, you are welcome to do so. This can be arranged through your recruitment coordinator or via your student support team. Depending on your reasons for visiting, we can arrange to meet you when you arrive on campus.Can working professionals with family really do this?,Yes! Our online programs are designed to be flexible so you can complete your studies while balancing current work and life commitments. Be sure to create a study schedule and practice good time management to stay on track. You will also receive one-on-one support from an academic advisor throughout your program.Can you take breaks throughout the program?,While you can take breaks, our online programs are designed for year-round attendance. We recommend you continue term-to-term to stay motivated and engaged in your courses.Do I have to pick a concentration/track/specialization in the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,No, a specialization is not required for the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree .Do I need all aspects of my application completed before applying?,While you do not need to have all documents ready when you start your application, your application must be complete when you submit. Incomplete files will not be considered. Please visit our admission requirements page for full details of what’s needed.Do you accept transfer credits?,Yes! Students may transfer up to six graduate credits from another institution of higher education that is of comparable academic standing to Lebanese American University. For more admissions information, click contact us.Do you have a monthly payment plan for tuition?,No. Monthly payment plans for tuition are not available at this time.Do you offer an application extension?,We have a rolling admissions policy. This means if a student misses the deadline for their intended start date, they can roll their application to the next intake. The start dates are January, March, June, September, and October.Do you offer an application fee waiver?,Our online application is free. No fees are required.Do you offer online degrees?,Yes! We offer 100% online degrees at the graduate level, including business and technology programs. You can explore our full list of offerings here.Do you provide any training on the learning management tool?,Yes! Lebanese American University uses Blackboard as a course management system. You can access their support materials here. Does the MS in Computer Science accept transfer credits?,Up to six graduate credits may be transferred from another institution of higher education that is of comparable academic standing. Contact us for more details.Does the MS in Computer Science follow a cohort model?,No. You can complete your courses in any order. Review the required courses here.Does the MS in Computer Science have a full-time option?,This online program is designed for maximum flexibility and can be taken full-time if desired. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.Does the MS in Computer Science have a part-time option?,The online program is designed for working professionals and can be taken part-time, allowing you to balance work, school and personal responsibilities. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.Does the MS in Computer Science have a residency component?,This program is offered in a 100% online, asynchronous format. There is no residency requirement.Does the MS in Computer Science offer concentrations, specializations or tracks?,While the program does not include formal concentrations, we offer the option to pursue focused electives in artificial intelligence and data science, secure computing and networks, or general computer science to build specialist knowledge. You can review the curriculum on our courses page.Does the MS in Computer Science require an entrance exam like the GMAT or GRE?,No, usually test scores are not required for admission to this program. However,  if your bachelor’s degree is not computer science related, you may be required to complete a short course on data structures essentials. Does the MS in Computer Science require work experience?,While work experience is not generally required for acceptance, work experience for non-computer science graduates may be required on a case-by-case basis.Does the online AI and Data Science Certificate have full-time and part-time options?,The online AI and Data Science Certificate is a part-time program.Does the online AI and Data Science Certificate program accept transfer credits?,No, this program does not accept transfer credits.Does the online AI and Data Science Certificate require an entrance exam like the GMAT or GRE?,No. This program does not require any entrance exams.Does the online AI and Data Science Certificate require work experience?,This program does not require previous work experience.Does the online Cybersecurity Certificate have full-time and part-time options?,The online Cybersecurity Certificate is a part-time program.Does the online Cybersecurity Certificate require an entrance exam like the GMAT or GRE?,No. This program does not require any entrance exams.Does the online MBA in Business Analytics accept transfer credits?,Yes, the MBA in Business Analytics accepts up to six transfer credits. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.Does the online MBA in Business Analytics follow a cohort model?,Yes, the online MBA in Business Analytics does follow a cohort model. You will work with the same group of students throughout the program, allowing you to make connections.Does the online MBA in Business Analytics have a full-time option?,Most students complete their degree in two years part-time. However, an accelerated study option is available where you can double-up on courses and graduate in 12-14 months. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.Does the online MBA in Business Analytics have a part-time option?,The online program is designed for professionals who work full time and is offered part time across 2 years. This allows you to achieve a realistic balance between work, school and personal responsibilities and fully absorb the information in your coursework. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.Does the online MBA in Business Analytics have a residency component?,No, there is no residency required to earn your MBA in Business Analytics.Does the online MBA in Business Analytics offer concentrations/specializations/tracks?,The online MBA in Business Analytics does not include any specializations/concentrations/tracks. The program is already a specialized program, and you can tailor the degree depending on whether you’d like to be quantitatively or qualitatively focused.Does the online MBA in Business Analytics require an entrance exam like the GMAT or GRE?,No, there are no entrance exams required. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.Does the online MBA in Business Analytics require work experience?,No, prior work experience is not required. In fact, no prior analytics skills are required. You’ll gain those skills through the coursework. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.Does the online MBA in Global Business Administration program accept transfer credits?,Up to six graduate credits may be transferred from another institution of higher education that is of comparable academic standing. Contact us for more details.Does the online MBA in Global Business Administration program follow a cohort model?,No. You can complete your courses in any order aside from the capstone course in strategic management, which must be completed last. Review the required courses here.Does the online MBA in Global Business Administration program have a part-time option?,The online program is designed for working professionals and can be taken part-time, allowing you to balance work, school and personal responsibilities across 2 years. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.Does the online MBA in Global Business Administration program have a residency component?,This program is offered in a 100% online, asynchronous format. There is no residency requirement.Does the online MBA in Global Business Administration program offer concentrations/specializations/tracks?,While the program does not include formal concentrations, we offer the option to pursue focused electives in marketing, business analytics or general business administration to build specialist knowledge. You can review the curriculum on our courses page.Does the online MBA in Global Business Administration program require work experience?,No. Work experience is not required for acceptance, but we recommend students have some professional experience in business or a related career path.Does the online MBA in Global Business Administration require an entrance exam like the GMAT or GRE?,No. While you may submit a GMAT or GRE score to indicate your aptitude for success in our MBA program, test scores are not required for admission.Does the online MS in Applied Artficial Intelligence degree have a part-time option?,The online program is designed for professionals who work full-time and is offered part-time. This allows you to achieve a realistic balance between work, school, and personal responsibilities. Additionally, studying part-time gives you the opportunity to fully absorb the information in your coursework. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.Does the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree accept transfer credits?,Yes. The online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree accepts up to six transfer credits. Successful completion of the online AI and Data Science certificate will also allow for you to transfer onto the program. You can learn more about admissions policy here.Does the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree follow a cohort model?,Yes, the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree follows a cohort model.Does the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree have a full-time option?,The online program is designed for professionals who work full-time and is only offered part-time. This allows you to achieve a realistic balance between work, school, and personal responsibilities. Additionally, studying part-time gives you the opportunity to fully absorb the information in your coursework.Does the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree have a residency component?,No, there is no residency required to earn the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree.Does the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree offer concentrations?,No. However, the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree offers electives in Business and e-Commerce, Healthcare, or Digital Humanities. You can learn more about coursework for this program here.Does the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree offer scholarships?,Currently, Lebanese American University does not offer scholarships for this degree program.Does the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree require an entrance exame like the GMAT or GRE?,No, there are no entrance exams required. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.Does the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree require work experience?,No. Prior work experience is not required. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.Does the online MS in International Construction Management degree have full-time and part-time options?,The online program is designed for professionals who work full-time and is only offered part-time. This allows you to achieve a realistic balance between work, school, and personal responsibilities. Additionally, studying part-time gives you the opportunity to fully absorb the information in your coursework. Does the online MS in International Construction Management degree require an entrance exam like the GMAT or GRE?,No, there are no entrance exams required. You can learn more about our admissions policy here. Does the online MS in International Construction Management degree require work experience?,The MS in International Construction Management degree requires a minimum 2 years of engineering or construction related industry experience. Alternatively, you can apply with 3 years of unrelated industry experience.Does the online MS in International Construction Management program accept transfer credits?,Yes, the MS in International Construction Management degree accepts up to six transfer credits. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.Does your school offer job placement?,Jobs placement is not guaranteed. All internships and job opportunities are announced through the LAU International Career Portal, to our students, fresh graduates, and experienced alumni. Once enrolled, you can access it through your LAU credentials. More information pertaining to job and career search are available through this page.How can I pay for school?,Our students navigate the financial aspect of their education through options like self-funding, employer reimbursement and private loans.How do I apply to the MS in Computer Science?,Applying to the MS in Computer Science program is quick and easy. You can start your free application.How do I apply to the online AI and Data Science Certificate program?,Applying is easy! You can start your application to the online AI and Data Science program by clicking here. The start dates are January, March, June, September, and October.How do I apply to the online Cybersecurity Certificate program?,Applying is easy! You can start your application to the online Cybersecurity Certificate program by clicking here. The start dates are January, March, June, September, and October.How do I apply to the online MBA in Business Analytics?,The first step is to start your application.How do I apply to the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,Applying to the online MBA in Global Business Administration program is quick and easy. You can start your free application today.How do I apply to the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,The first step is to start your application. The start date is September.How do I apply to the online MS in International Construction Management program?,Applying for the MS in International Construction Management is easy. The first step is to start your application. How do I apply?,You can start your online application today by clicking here.How fast can I complete a short course?,The time it takes to complete a short course ranges between 18 and 220 hours. Please see individual course pages for full duration details.How fast can I complete the online MBA in Business Analytics?,Most students complete their degree in two years, but an accelerated study option is available where you can double-up on courses and graduate in 12-14 months. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.How fast can I complete the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,You can complete the program in just two years. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.How long are classes?,Our courses are eight weeks in duration.How long do I have to complete the MS in Computer Science?,Most students complete their degree in two years. Though, should you need to, you can take up to 5 years to complete your studies. To review the curriculum, view the courses page.How long do I have to complete the online MBA in Business Analytics?,The online business analytics degree is designed for working professionals with busy lives, so if something interrupts your typical course of study, you don’t have to worry about losing the credits you’ve completed. If needed, you can take up to four years to complete the degree. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.How long do I have to complete the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,The online MBA in Global Business Administration program is designed for working professionals with busy lives, so if something interrupts your typical course of study, you don’t have to worry about losing the credits you’ve completed. If needed, you can take up to four years to complete the degree. To review the curriculum, view the courses pageHow long do I have to complete the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,You can complete the program in just two years. The online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence is designed for working professionals with busy lives, so if something interrupts your normal course of study, you don’t have to worry about losing the courses you’ve completed. To see the curriculum, view our courses page.How long does the application process usually take?,Gathering all application materials can take time, which is why you should get started as soon as you can. Once your application file is complete, it typically takes one week to review and provide an acceptance decision.How long has the MS in Computer Science been offered online?,We recently created this 100% online version of our on-campus MS in Computer Science program. For more program details, contact us.How long has the online MBA in Global Business Administration program been offered?,We recently created this 100% online version of our on-campus MBA in Global Business Administration program. For more program details, contact us.How long has the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree been offered online?,The online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree is a new program being offered for the first time by Lebanese American University in 2023.How long is the admissions process?,The time it takes to complete your application with all necessary information will vary based upon obtaining all of the required materials. Once your application is complete, it usually takes one week to review and reach a decision.How many courses are in the AI and Data Science Certificate program?,You’ll complete 3 courses to earn the AI and Data Science Certificate.How many courses are in the MS in Computer Science?,You will take five core courses (18 credits) and complete a project followed by a range of electives (12 credits total credits) in a specific emphasis area. Review course details here.How many courses are in the MS in International Construction Management program?,You’ll complete 10 courses to earn the MS in International Construction Management degree. You can learn review the courses here. How many courses are in the online MBA in Business Analytics?,You’ll complete 11 courses to earn the MBA in Business Analytics degree. You can learn more about coursework for the MBA in Business Analytics here.How many courses are in the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,You are required to take six core courses (including the capstone course) and five electives. You will take five three-credit courses in your first year, followed by five three-credit courses in your second year. The capstone course in strategic management will run throughout your studies.How many courses are in the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,You’ll complete 11 courses to earn the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree. You can learn more about coursework for this program here.How many credits are in the MS in Computer Science?,This program requires 30 credits for degree completion. Review course details here.How many credits are in the online AI and Data Science Certificate program?,You’ll complete 9 credits to earn the AI and Data Science Certificate.How many credits are in the online MBA in Business Analytics?,You’ll complete 33 credits to earn the MBA in Business Analytics. You can review courses now. Total credits are dependent upon the number of transfer credits you have (up to six) and which specialization you select.How many credits are in the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,This program requires 33 credits for degree completion. Review course details here.How many credits are in the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,You’ll complete 30 credits to earn the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree. You can review courses now.How many credits are in the online MSICM program?,You’ll complete 30 credits to earn the MSICM degree.How many credits can I transfer toward the MS in Computer Science?,You may be able to transfer up to six graduate credits from another institution of higher education that is of comparable academic standing. For more information, contact our enrollment team.How many credits can I transfer toward the online MBA in Business Analytics?,Up to six credits may be transferred and applied towards the online MBA in Business Analytics. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.How many credits can I transfer toward the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,You may be able to transfer up to six graduate credits from another institution of higher education that is of comparable academic standing. For more information, contact our enrollment team.How many credits can I transfer toward the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,Up to six credits may be transferred and applied towards the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence program. Successful completion of the online AI and Data Science certificate will also allow for you to transfer onto the program. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.How many online students do you have?,Our enrollment counselors can provide our most up-to-date student numbers. You can contact them at +1 646 989 1609.How many students attend Lebanese American University?,As of 2020, our total undergraduate enrollment was 6,984 and our graduate enrollment was 793, but we’re growing every day. You can read more about us here.How much do short courses cost?,The tuition ranges for short courses are $350 – $2,400 each.How much time will I have to devote to the program on a weekly basis?,While time commitments vary by program, graduate students may have 12–15 hours per week of classwork per course. Contact us to learn more or call +1 646 989 1609 to speak to an enrollment counselor.How quickly can I complete the MS in Computer Science?,Most students complete the MS in Computer Science program in two years. Full-time students may finish their degree at a faster pace.How quickly can I complete the online AI and Data Science Certificate?,You can earn the online AI and Data Science Certificate in as little as six months.How quickly can I complete the online Cybersecurity Certificate?,You can earn the online Cybersecurity Certificate in as few as six months.How quickly can I complete the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,Most students complete their degree in two years, but an accelerated option is available where you can double-up on courses and graduate in 12-14 months. You can review the courses page here.How quickly can I complete the online MS in International Construction Management degree?,You can earn the online MS in International Construction Management degree in just two years. To see the curriculum, view our courses page. How quickly will my file be reviewed?,Once your application file is complete, it usually takes one week to review and provide an acceptance decision. Please visit our How to Apply page for full details of what’s needed.If I am not accepted, what are my options?,Contact your enrollment counselor directly to discuss your options, as next steps will depend upon why you were not accepted into your chosen program.If my program will be employer-sponsored, what is the payment process?,The payment process for employer-funded students is the same as for self-funded students. In most cases, students are expected to cover tuition costs up-front and are reimbursed by their employers for tuition-related expenses. Request information or call us at +1 646 989 1609 for more details.Is Lebanese American University accredited?,Lebanese American University operates under a charter from the Board of Regents of the University of the State of New York and is accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE). The Adnan Kassar School of Business is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB), placing it in a select group of less than 5% of business schools worldwide.Is the business school highly ranked?,Lebanese American is a highly distinguished institution. The business and economics programs are ranked #1 in Lebanon by Times Higher Education 2023.Is the degree different for online students?,No. Our diploma is the same for all graduates, whether they completed their degree online or at our campus.Is the MS in Computer Science accredited?,Many campus engineering and computer science programs are accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET). Is the online AI and Data Science Certificate program accredited?,The certificate forms part of a masters level program which has been approved by the New York State Education Department (NYSED). The University is also accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE).Is the online Cybersecurity Certificate program accredited?,The certificate forms part of a masters level program which has been approved by the New York State Education Department (NYSED). The University is also accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE).Is the online degree the same caliber as the on-campus degree?,Yes! Our online programs offer the same academic rigor and quality as our on-campus options. You can learn more about our accreditations here.Is the online MBA in Global Business Administration program accredited?,The Adnan Kassar School of Business is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB), placing it in a select group of less than 5% of business schools worldwide. We are also ranked #1 in business and management in Lebanon by THE Subject Rankings for 2023.Is the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree accredited?,Lebanese American University is accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE). Additionally, all online degrees offered by the University are fully registered in the Distance Education Format with the New York State Education Department (NYSED).Is the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree available in a blended/hybrid format?,The online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree is only available online. This allows you to study in the times and locations that are best for you throughout your entire program without a requirement of ever coming to campus.Is the online MS in International Construction Management program accredited?,The University is accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE). All online degrees offered by the LAU are fully registered in the “Distance Education Format” with the New York State Education Department (NYSED).Is the university regionally accredited?,Yes. Lebanese American University operates under a charter from the Board of Regents of the University of the State of New York and is accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE). Learn more here.Is there a difference between the online program and the on-campus program?,The only difference is the delivery, which is 100% online. You will experience the same academic rigor and expert faculty in a convenient online format. Is there a physical campus, or is this an online school?,Our campuses are located in Beirut and Byblos, Lebanon. You can learn more about us here.Is there religious diversity at your school?,Yes. Lebanese American University embraces and celebrates diversity and welcomes students from all religions, nationalities, and walks of life.Is work experience required?,While work experience is not required, work experience, GMAT scores and other personal and professional qualities can be considered if GPA requirements are not met. You can learn more about our admissions requirements here.May I speak with a current student?,For information about speaking with a current student about their experience, contact our enrollment team.May I walk at graduation?,Yes! Graduates of our online programs can participate in the graduation ceremony in person if desired.What are the admissions requirements for the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,To apply for the online MBA in Global Business Administration program, you’ll need a completed online application, a bachelor’s degree from a recognized university, official transcripts, a CV or resume and a personal statement. Read more about admission requirements here.What are the entry requirements for a short course?,The course is taught in English and so you must be able to read, write, and communicate in English. All courses require a copy of your passport or ID.What are the MS in Computer Science’s admissions requirements?,To apply for the MS in Computer Science program, you’ll need a completed online application,  a bachelor’s degree from a recognized university, official transcripts, CV or resume and a personal statement. Read more about our admission requirements. If your bachelor’s degree is not computer science related, you may be required to complete a short course on data structures essentials. What are the online MBA’s admissions requirements?,The requirements for the MBA in Business Analytics include:What are the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree’s admissions requirements?,The requirements for the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree include:What are the start dates for the MS in Computer Science throughout the year?,Our academic calendar includes five start dates per year with flexible scheduling. Our enrollment team can help you determine which start date is best for you and your goals. The start dates are January, March, June, September, and October. To learn more, call +1 646 989 1609.What are the start dates for the online MBA in Global Business Administration program throughout the year?,Our academic calendar includes five start dates per year with flexible scheduling. Our enrollment team can help you determine which start date is best for you and your goals. The start dates are January, March, June, September, and October. To learn more, call +1 646 989 1609.What are the start dates for the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree throughout the year?,The upcoming start date is September.What are the start dates throughout the year?,We offer multiple start dates each year. The start dates are January, March, June, September, and October. Contact an enrollment counselor at +1 646 989 1609 or request info to learn more.What are the values of Lebanese American University?,In both planning for its future as well as conducting its ongoing daily activities, Lebanese American University seeks to act in a manner that is guided by a deep-rooted sense of shared ethical values and aspirations. Our core values are grounded in success, innovation, and community service. For a complete list of our values, click here.What does a typical week as a student look like?,While it varies by course, online students typically spend around 15 hours per week on course materials and assignments. Our online courses are designed to be flexible so that you can complete your studies on your schedule.What does it mean to be part of a cohort?,A cohort is a group of students who complete their courses at the same time.What GPA is required for admittance into the MS in Computer Science?,For admission into the MS in Computer Science program, you’ll need a 2.75 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Read more about our admission requirements.What GPA is required for admittance into the online AI and Data Science program?,This program does not require a minimum GPA for entry.What GPA is required for admittance into the online MBA in Business Analytics?,You’ll need a GPA of 2.5 to apply to the program. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.What GPA is required for admittance into the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,For admission into the online MBA in Global Business Administration program, you’ll need a 2.5 GPA on a 4.0 scale. Read more about admission requirements here.What GPA is required for admittance into the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,You’ll need a minimum cumulative GPA of 2.5 to apply to the program. If your GPA is below 2.5 and you have adequate professional experience, an evaluation will be performed by a committee for final decision. You can learn more about our admissions policy here.What GPA is required for admittance into the online MS in International Construction Management program?,You’ll need a minimum cumulative GPA of 2.75 and a bachelor’s degree or higher from an accredited college to apply to the program. Explore admission requirements.What is a short course?,A short course is a concentrated effort to learn a set of skills in a particular area.What is computer science?,Computer science is the study of computers and their applications. Because technology plays an increasingly vital role in every industry, computer science professionals who can analyze data and are trained in network security are in high demand in the global business and technology landscape.What is the admissions process like?,While each program’s specifics vary, the admissions process starts by submitting your application. To complete your application file, you’ll need official transcripts, a resume/curriculum vitae (CV), a personal statement, and other components depending on your program of study.What is the average class size?,Class sizes vary depending on which program you choose. For more information, speak to an enrollment counselor.What is the career outlook for graduates of the MS in Computer Science?,The online MS in Computer Science prepares students to meet the global demand for skilled computer science and data analysis professionals. Possible career paths for graduates include computer network administrator, computer systems analyst, data analyst and networks administrator. Learn more about career outcomes.  What is the career outlook for graduates of the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,The online MBA in Global Business Administration prepares students for professional advancement in a wide range of leadership roles. Possible career paths for graduates include marketing manager, program analyst, business analyst, entrepreneur, financial manager, sales manager and more. Learn more about career outcomes.What is the cost-per-credit for the MS in Computer Science?,The tuition for this program is $500 per credit hour.What is the cost-per-credit for the online AI and Data Science Certificate program?,The cost per credit is $500, and you’ll need 9 credits to complete. Find out more about tuition and fees.What is the cost-per-credit for the online Cybersecurity Certificate program?,The cost per credit is $500, and you’ll need 9 credits to complete. Find out more about tuition and fees.What is the cost-per-credit for the online MBA in Business Analytics?,Tuition is $500 per credit hour. You’ll need to complete 33 credit hours for a total tuition of $16,500. You can review all tuition costs here.What is the cost-per-credit for the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,The tuition for this program is $500 per credit hour.What is the cost-per-credit for the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,Tuition is $500 per credit. You’ll need to complete 30 for a total tuition of $15,000. You can review all tuition costs here.What is the cost-per-credit for the online MS in International Construction Management program?,Tuition is $500 per credit. You’ll need to complete 30 credits for a total tuition of $15,000. Find out more about tuition and fees.What is the first step in the application process?,The first step is to start your free application. Our online application is designed to be quick and easy.What is the maximum number of transfer credits allowed?,We accept a maximum of six credits into our graduate programs. For more admissions information, click here.What is the mission of Lebanese American University?,Lebanese American University is committed to academic excellence, student-centeredness, civic engagement, the advancement of scholarship, the education of the whole person, and the formation of leaders in a diverse world. You can learn more about us here.What is the total tuition for the MS in Computer Science?,The estimated total tuition for this program is $15,000. You’ll need to complete 30 credits at $500 per credit hour. Estimated tuition cost does not include textbooks, supplies, loan fees or other expenses. You can review all tuition costs here.What is the total tuition for the online AI and Data Science Certificate program?,The total estimated tuition for the online AI and Data Science Certificate is $4,000. This figure does not include any fees or other expenses you may incur. What is the total tuition for the online Cybersecurity Certificate program?,Total estimated tuition for the online Cybersecurity Certificate is $4,000. This figure does not include any fees or other expenses you may incur.What is the total tuition for the online MBA in Business Analytics?,Tuition for the online MBA in Business Analytics is $16,500. You need to complete 33 credit hours at $500. You can review all tuition costs here.What is the total tuition for the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,The estimated total tuition for this program is $16,500. You’ll need to complete 33 credits at $500 per credit hour. Estimated tuition cost does not include textbooks, supplies, loan fees or other expenses. You can review all tuition costs here.What is the total tuition for the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,Tuition for the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree is $15,000. You need to complete 30 credits at $500 each. You can review all tuition costs here.What is the total tuition for the online MS in International Construction Management program?,Total estimated tuition for the online MS in International Construction Management degree is $15,000. You need to complete 30 credits at $500 each. This figure does not include any fees or other expenses you may incur. You can review all tuition costs here.  What is the university ranking?,Lebanese American University is often recognized for its academic quality. For 2021, we are ranked #2 in Lebanon by THE World University Rankings and #14 in the Arab region by QS University rankings. Our business and management programs are also ranked #1 in Lebanon for 2021 by THE Subject Rankings. You can learn more about us here.What is the university’s accreditation?,The Lebanese American University (LAU) operates under an absolute charter from the Board of Regents of the University of the State of New York and is accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE). All online degrees offered by the LAU are fully registered in the “Distance Education Format” with the New York State Education Department (NYSED). You can learn more about our accreditations here.What is the university’s religious affiliation?,While Lebanese American University can trace its origins to Presbyterian founders, today we are a secular university. You can learn more about us here.What kind of career can I expect to pursue with the MBA in Business Analytics?,Graduates of the program pursue jobs as data scientists, data engineers, business intelligence developers and more. Learn more about career outcomes.What kind of career can I expect to pursue with the MS in International Construction Management degree?,Those who complete the MS in International Construction Management may graduate as experts prepared to manage all aspects of international construction projects. Learn more about your career options by visiting our careers page.What kind of career can I expect to pursue with the online MS in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree?,Those who complete the online Master’s in Applied Artificial Intelligence degree may pursue advancement opportunities in a variety of fields, including social media, agriculture, business, manufacturing, retail, sports analytics, supply chain logistics, healthcare, and more. Learn more about your career options by visiting our careers page.What resources does the school provide for students with disabilities?,The same resources for campus-based students are available to online students. For more information, contact us.What type of faculty and student interaction is there in an online program?,Online students receive the same personal attention and mentoring from faculty as our on-campus learners. You can interact with your instructors using live chat, video calls, phone calls or email. Many also hold office hours. Get specific details about scheduling one-on-one meetings by contacting your instructors directly.What type of networking opportunities are there?,Throughout the duration of your program, you’ll have the opportunity to connect with peers and build your professional network with your classmates and instructors. You can also contact career services about internships and career development opportunities.What’s the difference between regional and national accreditation?,The difference between regional and national accreditation is best explained by EDsmart here.What’s an online degree like?,The online degree options from Lebanese American University are ideal for adult learners and working professionals. They include a flexible format, multiple start dates throughout the year and personal attention from expert faculty and advisors. As a student, you will be able to submit your work online and interact with instructors and fellow students digitally.What’s the application deadline?,We offer flexible scheduling with multiple start dates per year. The start dates are January, March, June, September, and October. Our enrollment team suggests that you complete all components of your application at least two weeks before your chosen start date.When is the application deadline for the MS in Computer Science?,You can apply now. Our academic calendar includes three five dates per year and flexible scheduling.  The start dates are January, March, June, September, and October. Our enrollment team can help you determine which start date is best for you and your goals. To learn more, call +1 646 989 1609.When is the application deadline for the online MBA in Global Business Administration program?,You can apply now. Our academic calendar includes five start dates per year and flexible scheduling. The start dates are January, March, June, September, and October. Our enrollment team can help you determine which start date is best for you and your goals. To learn more, call +1 646 989 1609.When was the university founded?,Lebanese American University was founded as a college for women in 1924. However, its origins can be traced back nearly a century further to the 1830s, where the first school for girls in the Ottoman empire was started by Presbyterian missionaries with the aim of providing education for all. You can learn more about us here.When will I be notified of acceptance?,Once your application file is complete, it generally takes one week to review and provide an acceptance decision. One of our recruitment coordinators will contact you.Where is the campus located?,Our campuses are located in Beirut and Byblos, Lebanon. We also have an academic center in New York City and LAU Medical Center-Rizk Hospital hospital in Beirut. You can learn more about us here.Who can I speak with about specific admissions questions?,Our admissions team can answer any questions you have. Call us at +1 646 989 1609 or email admissions@online.lau.edu.lb.Will employers know that my diploma was earned online?,There’s no difference in the diplomas presented to graduates of our online and on-campus programs. You can learn more about the online student experience at Lebanese American University here.Will I have technical support?,Yes, a 24/7 help desk and IT support are available. Your student services coordinator can also assist you with technical support questions.Will my degree say online on it?,No, it will not. Our diploma is the same for all graduates, whether they completed their degree online or at our campus. Learn more about the online student experience at Lebanese American University here.